but francesco i think every kind of every
once in a while he took some
decisions were the result of
reflections not deep enough for
which I think going a bit backwards when
he probably left in 2006 and not
I know if the truth I go by hypothesis can
having thought that the most beautiful thing is that
you could win in football he had it
won that in the world and he was had
faced this world after a
very serious injury for which
probably preferred as right
which I think is in some cases
dedicate a little more to the Rome and the
their career their own health e
trying to have a little less commitments
and maybe trying to optimize the
work he did during the week
to be able to feel good and could provide
performance up to the
own team
and it is clear that in 2006 it was 30
francesco years for which it was no longer
not even so young maybe he had
thought the time had come
right here to say goodbye though
in short, seeing that seven have passed
years and how it is
and it is clear that he is a bit disappointed though
probably it is so maybe it is
because he succeeded in these seven years a
work in a certain way that he has
therefore allowed to last so long
these are personal speeches and
intimate because the end when there
we meet often we talk about many
things in short that he knows that
that we tell ourselves
the locker room in quotes not for
what concerns the decisions here of
a coach should not say anything in the
meaning that they are specific responsibilities
who guides the team and who thinks
to do the good of the team in sight
of a competition
if in the specific case we speak of a
boy like francesco francesco is
still today one of the national team because
because with some of us he shared
kind with me since under 15
this kind of this kind of adventure
and for me it will always be mine
national teammate
if then a player like him with his
his talent his caliber with his
class
keep playing on the levels
formidable here are those of this year
I think the coach's answer is there
a very clever answer in the
sense that it is right not to preclude anything
to 1 with which really can do the
difference and can win
start but I think it's a speech
very very logical towards a
boy who is writing the
history of Italian football and is
writing with with the present and maybe
not even with a near future here
they have the writing we are not talking about
just to pass it